"DeathsDoor" by Ethan Lie

[Rooms]
The Front porch is a room.
The Living Room is a room.
The West Corridor is a room.
The Center Corridor is a room.
The East Corridor is a room.
The Bedroom is a room.
The Master Bedroom is a room.
The Servant's Quarters is a room.
The Family Room is a room.
The South Bathroom is a room.
The Guest Bedroom is a room.
The East Bathroom is a room.
The North Corridor is a room.
The Study is a room.
The Library is a room.
The Ballroom is a room.
The Antechamber is a room.
The Big Dining Room is a room.
The Abyss is a room.
The Laboratory is a room.
The Cellar is a room.
The Kitchen is a room.
The Family Dining Room is a room.

The player is in the Front Porch.

[Room linking]
The front door is a door.
The front door is north of the Front Porch.
The front door is south of the Living Room.
The hall door is a door.
The hall door is west of the West Corridor.
The hall door is east of the Living Room.

The West Corridor is west of the Center Corridor and south of the Servant's Quarters and north of the Bedroom.
The Center Corridor is south of the Family Room and north of the South Bathroom and west of the East Corridor.
The East Corridor is south of the Master Bedroom and north of the Guest Bedroom.
The South Bathroom is east of the Bedroom and west of the Guest Bedroom.
The Family Room is west of the Master Bedroom and east of the Servant's Quarters.
The East Bathroom is east of the Master Bedroom.
The Study is north of the Master Bedroom and east of the Library.
The North Corridor is north of the Family Room and south of the Library.
The Antechamber is south of the Ballroom and west of the North Corridor.
The Big Dining Room is west of the Ballroom and north of the Kitchen.
The Family Dining Room is south of the kitchen.
The Ballroom is west of the Library.

The Laboratory is north of the Cellar and south of the Abyss.
The Cellar is below the Kitchen.

The grand door is a closed locked door.
The grand door is north of the Living Room.
The grand door is south of the Antechamber.

The guest door is a closed locked door.
The guest door is west of the Living Room.
The guest door is east of the Family Dining Room.